Merge Delete from BQ and Insert from GCS to BQ into a Single Atomic Operation for achieving Idempotency (#421)
stellar/stellar-etl-airflow: README.md

[This file](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-etl-airflow/blob/master/dags/stellar_etl_airflow/build_gcs_to_bq_task.py) contains methods for creating tasks that appends information from a Google Cloud Storage file to a BigQuery table. These tasks will create a new table if one does not exist. These tasks are used for history archive data structures, as Stellar wants to keep a complete record of the ledger's entire history.

### **build_del_ins_from_gcs_to_bq_task**

> [This file](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-etl-airflow/blob/master/dags/stellar_etl_airflow/build_del_ins_from_gcs_to_bq_task.py) contains methods for deleting data from old partitions if the table exists and also import fresh data from gcs to the corresponding Big Query table. These tasks will create a new table if one does not exist. These tasks are used for history archive data structures, as Stellar wants to keep a complete record of the ledger's entire history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[This file](https://github.com/stellar/stellar-etl-airflow/blob/master/dags/stellar_etl_airflow/build_del_ins_from_gcs_to_bq_task.py) contains methods for deleting data from a specified BigQuery table according to the batch interval and also imports data from gcs to the corresponding BigQuery table. These tasks will create a new table if one does not exist. These tasks are used for history and state data structures, as Stellar wants to keep a complete record of the ledger's entire history.
```
